development-strategy.md, before:

# Even-or-odd-object: development strategy

Building this site one step at a time

## 0. Setup

> * index.html: basic layout and references to external files
> * style.css: css style attributes of the HTML elements

## 1. Data & Log

> * which files of code do you need to create/change?
> * what are you changing in each file?

## 2. Init

> * which files of code do you need to change?
> * what are you changing in them?

## 3. User Story: Set Active

__A user can select which list of strings to display on the screen__

> * which files of code do you need to change?
> * what are you changing in them?

## 4. User Story: Add String

__A user can add a string to the String Sorter. The string is properly sorted and the active list is re-rendered (if it was changed)__

> * which files of code do you need to change?
> * what are you changing in them?

## 5. User Story: Reset

__A user can set the state and DOM back to it's initial values__

> * which files of code do you need to change?
> * what are you changing in them?

Commit message:

Created the data and log structures to store the state and user actions

development-strategy.md, after:

# Even-or-odd-object: development strategy

Building this site one step at a time

## 0. Setup

> * index.html: basic layout and references to external files
> * style.css: css style attributes of the HTML elements

## 1. Data & Log

> * `string-sorter.js` and `log.js`
> * create the main object to store the state and behavior of the webpage 

## 2. Init

> * which files of code do you need to change?
> * what are you changing in them?

## 3. User Story: Set Active

__A user can select which list of strings to display on the screen__

> * which files of code do you need to change?
> * what are you changing in them?

## 4. User Story: Add String

__A user can add a string to the String Sorter. The string is properly sorted and the active list is re-rendered (if it was changed)__

> * which files of code do you need to change?
> * what are you changing in them?

## 5. User Story: Reset

__A user can set the state and DOM back to it's initial values__

> * which files of code do you need to change?
> * what are you changing in them?
